in total i spend 2h implementing, 0.5h testing, 0.5h writing readme file

## Functionality
This is a production ready web service that combines 2 existing web services
1. it fetches a random location from 'https://locations.patch3s.dev/api/'
2. it uses the NWS API https://www.weather.gov/documentation/services-web-api to retrieve the current weather forecast for that location.
3. it combines the results and returns them to the users

## Compilation
to compile the service for different platforms:
```bash 
GOOS=linux GOARCH=amd64 go build -o ./bin/main-linux main.go

GOOS=windows GOARCH=amd64 go build -o ./bin/main-win.exe main.go
```

## Deployment
1. to start the service in a GO development enviroment, use
go run main.go
2. on linux, run the compiled binary
./bin/main-linux
3. on windows, run
./bin/main-win.exe

## Requests
1. you can send requests using curl to the service node IP on port 5000, eg:
curl 127.0.0.1:5000

## handling external dependencies failure and alert
1. If the request to https://locations.patch3s.dev/api/random fails, the service will return the following error:
{"error": "Failed to fetch location"}
2. If the request to https://api.weather.gov/points/ fails, the service will return:
{"error": "Failed to fetch weather forecast"}

## rate limiting (Handling Traffic Spikes)
To prevent serbice from being overwhelmed by high traffic (DDOS) attack, i implement simple rate limiting, the current configuration allows only 10 request per second, can be adjusted.
- Configure `SetTrustedProxies` to only trust certain IPs.

## performance
I use Gin to optimize http router and handling request in main
- Export `GIN_MODE=release` for release mode.

## observability
for better logging, i use zerolog library,
we can monitor the current status of the rate limiter, by looking at the code 429 returns and the log message

## TODO:
- Concurrency:
  - The next step is to make fetching the location and weather forecast concurrent using goroutines, and use channels to pass the results back.
  - We should also import Gin when calling the two external APIs as well.
- extensive testing
    - throughout testing in different enviroment should be performed (unit test, integration test, cross enviroment test)
- large scale deployment
    - how to scale the service horizontally, can it run on multiple instances behind a load balancer?
    - we deploy this in a cloud enviroment and add docker container? (EC2)

## testing
1. manual testing (load testing)
using Hey
hey -n 100 -c 10 http://localhost:5000
and observe some 500 service error from location/weather API

2. automation
simple handler test case, generated by GPT (I run out of time)
possible to mock server + high traffic in integrated automation